# Cosmere AI

## Introduction
Welcome to the Cosmere AI project! This project aims to provide a comprehensive tool for fans of Brandon Sanderson's Cosmere universe. Whether you're a newcomer or a seasoned Cosmere enthusiast, this companion will assist you in exploring the intricate worldbuilding, characters, and stories across Sanderson's interconnected novels.

## Features
1. **Assistant**: Our assistant is equipped with knowledge about the Cosmere novels and can help answer your doubts, provide summaries, character descriptions, and much more.
2. **Image Generation**: Need visual aids? Our project can generate images related to characters, locations, symbols, and more from the Cosmere universe.

## Installation
To get started with the Cosmere AI, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.

2. Install the required dependencies:
pip install requirements.txt

3. Configure the credentials:
set up credentials for the models in main.py
Note the model usage is thought to be API based, abstracting the model deployment and infraestructure.

4. Run the application:
python main.py


## Usage
Once the application is running, you can interact with the assistant by typing your queries or commands. Here are some examples:

- **Query about a character**: "Can you tell me about Kaladin Stormblessed?"
- **Ask for specific fragments**: "Can you give me the first story Hoid tells Kaladin?"
- **Request a summary**: "Give me a summary of 'The Way of Kings'."
- **Generate an image**: "Generate an image of Shardblade."
- **Explore a location**: "What can you tell me about Scadrial?"

## Feedback and Support
If you encounter any issues, have suggestions for improvement, or just want to share your thoughts, please don't hesitate to reach out to us. You can open an issue on GitHub or contact us via email.

## Disclaimer
This project is created by fans, for fans, and is not affiliated with Brandon Sanderson or any official Cosmere entities. All content generated by the assistant is based on publicly information from the Cosmere novels and related works.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Thank you for using the Cosmere AI! May your journey through the Cosmere be filled with wonder and discovery. And remember, journey before destination.
